In which of the CSS pseudo selectors can
we use to only target the first item?
So this item one, so not to three or four.
And I realized that this is like invalid
list item, I guess cuz you all should have
been wrapped in a link
that I forgot to do that.
So we just have to live with this.
It'll work, though, HTML will render it.
>> HTML always works.
>> All right, annoyingly.
So the correct answer here is A and C.
So, first, we have the ul:first-child
pseudo selector or pseudo-class.
With this,
we can get the first ul elements
among a group of sibling elements.
So in this case, it's just the first
ul within, I guess, the root,
which in this case is the div.
So then we target that ul.
And then we use a child combinator to
select the list item that's a direct
child of the ul.
So in this case,
that targets the very first list item
cuz there are no other list items.
So this one's right.
Yeah, towards that one.
Then we have the ul:first-child again.
So we again target that first ul, but
now we're using the adjacent
sibling combinator.
And this selector matches
the second element.
So the li only if it's like immediately
follows the first element on
the same level.
It's like an adjacent sibling.
So this would have worked if
we didn't have that ul and
we had an li right next to that ul,
then this would have been fine.
But we don't have that,
so this doesn't work.
[LAUGH] Yeah, so now C also works.
So we again have the ul:
first-child to target the first ul.
And then we also have the li:first-child
to target the very first-child
that is an li within the ul,
that's the first-child.
Sounds so weird just saying this out
loud with those CSS selectors, but yeah.
So only get the first li,
the first-child that's an li of that ul.
Now we have the ul first-of-type and then
the li first-of-type, which doesn't work.
So essentially what happens is we
again get the right ul with that ul
first-of-type.
This is the first-of-type within that
container with sibling elements.
But then because we say li first-of-type,
it also targets the first li within
the ul that's rendered within that ul.
So it also targets too.
Yeah, so this happens because the li
first-of-type gets applied to all
the children and that li is still the
first type within the direct child of ul.
That sounds super confusing but
yeah, that is the way it is.
And lastly, we do the same thing, but
again with the adjacent
sibling combinator.
So does this won't work cuz we don't
have an li on the same level as ul.
It doesn't have any li with the siblings.
It's also not what we're looking for
cuz that one li is not the sibling.
So that won't work.